# 2022-05-10
For several personal and private reasons, I will no longer be able to actively maintain this repo.

This repo will be marked read only from now on. No further support will be available.

Thank you to everyone that has helped out with testing this over the years.

Carl.






This is a collection of conditional items scripts for munki that can also be used for "on device" conditions that might be beneficial in other deployment systems.

## DISCLAIMER
This is experimental and provided _as is_ with no warranty, or guaranteed support.

Please test that this works for you in your environment.

*Note - 2022-02-22: Some of the conditions generated by this script do not work unless run by a user from the command line with `sudo`.* 

## Building a package
After cloning, run `./build.sh` and provide a password for `sudo` when prompted.

The resulting package is generated in `./dist/pkg/`.

*Note* if you need to deploy this with a specific Python shebang, such as the munki `/usr/local/munki/munki-python`, simply build with the path as the only argument:
```
./build.sh /usr/local/munki/munki-python
```

## Conditions not generated when running Managed Software Center
Depending on the macOS version, some conditions may not be returned when running Managed Software Center interactively.
- System Extensions
- TCC/PPPCP

These conditions should not be relied upon unless `managedsoftwareupdate` is being run interactively at the command line with elevated privileges (as `root`).
These conditions are considered deprecated and will be removed in a future update sometime after 2021-12-21 AEST.

## Binaries
All binaries called by the processors exist in macOS 10.15.7+. No intention to make these backwards compatible with older macOS versions.


## Usage
`munkicon` can be dropped directly into the munki conditions folder (`/usr/local/munki/conditions/`), however the prebuilt package installs the `munkicon` processor to `/usr/local/bin/munkicon` by default.

It is recommended to use a shell script in the munki conditions folder that calls `munkicon`. This will provide flexibility in running all processors (no command line flags, or just run specific processors).

For example, to run all processors:
```
/usr/local/bin/munkicon
```

To run specific processors (see Command Line Arguments below for usage):
```
/usr/local/bin/munkicon --kexts --user-accts --system-setup
```

### Command line arguments
```
[carl@munkicon]:bin # ./munkicon -h
usage: munkicon [-h] [--certificates] [--filevault] [--kexts] [--mdm-enrolled] [--pppcp] [--profiles] [--python] [--system-exts] [--system-setup] [--user-accts] [--purge]
                [--dest [path]] [-v, --version]
optional arguments:
  -h, --help      show this help message and exit
  --certificates  process certificate conditions from system keychain
  --filevault     process FileVault conditions
  --kexts         process kext conditions
  --mdm-enrolled  process MDM enrolled conditions
  --pppcp         process PPPCP conditions
  --profiles      process profiles conditions
  --python        process python conditions
  --system-exts   process system extension conditions
  --system-setup  process sytem setup conditions
  --user-accts    process user account conditions
  --purge         purges all existing information
  --dest [path]   output conditions to specific destination plist
  -v, --version   show program's version number and exit
```

## Conditions
For more details about each condition processor, see the [wiki](https://github.com/carlashley/munkicon/wiki/Processors)
